# Doc2Vec
This repository contains and implementation of doc2vec from gensim for data scraped from
webpages of a set of URLs. In particular, another program (Webscrape - also in this github)
takes a list of URLs (in this case generated by Crunchbase) and scrapes the fron webpage
of each of the associated companies (these are websites of Crunchbase-listed companies). 
It creates a "document" which is just an output of all the text from that front page. The
resulting file - in this case AI_total.cor - has, on each line, the url and the scraped text.
There are roughly 6000 lines in the file. 

Doc2Vec then takes this input file and performs a doc2vec operation on these 6000
documents. See https://radimrehurek.com/gensim/models/doc2vec.html for a description
of the doc2vec routine. This is basically paragraph embedding which establishes a metric
in the document space. 

The routine here also accepts a set of keywords (variable "search_list") and it searches each 
document for each keyword. The specific application here is to look for companies whose
websites are related to AI (all 6000) and among those, find the companies that talk about
various aspects of document digitization:

search_list=['digital transformation','digitization','document processing', \
            'digital workplace','intelligent workflow','cloud based']

After running doc2vec on the whole set of documents it employes t-SNE to reduce the
dimension of the vector space to 2 (could also do 3) and plot the 6000 points - highlighting,
by different colors and marker size - those that have one or more of the keywords.

Doc2Vec also outputs pairs of documents (their urls) which are "close" to each other
(uses and arbitrary threshold of 0.8). Output file is similarity.txt. A good strategy
is to run this program and look at pairs of urls that are considered close and
then go look at the actual webpages to see if the relevant companies are indeed
doing similar stuff. Seems to be mostly that they are.
